Meta: Add templates/checklists for new, Accepted/Rejected & Final PEPs (#2956)
python/peps: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/accept-reject-pep.md

---
name: Accept/Reject PEP
about: Mark a draft Standards Track PEP as accepted or rejected

> title: PEP NNN: Mark as Accepted

Reviewer: Viewing this file in the GitHub UI:

<img width="797" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1324225/214009924-f23af56f-2d33-4bd7-94e2-4115392c3f10.png">

https://github.com/CAM-Gerlach/peps/blob/infra-pr-checklists/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/accept-reject-pep.md

Where line 3 refers to the `title:` line. It doesn't like the repeated colon.

Editing in the UI and adding quotes, shows no warning in the preview:

```suggestion
title: "PEP NNN: Mark as Accepted"
```

Author: Oops, I was wondering about that and am usually pretty conservative quoting YAML, but in this case I forgot to check. Thanks!

---
name: Accept/Reject PEP
about: Mark a draft PEP as accepted or rejected
---

<!--

See PEP 1 for more details about the PEP review and resolution process:

https://peps.python.org/pep-0001/#pep-review-resolution

Make sure to include the PEP number in the pull request title; for example:

PEP NNN: Mark as Accepted/Rejected

Thanks!

-->

# Accept/Reject PEP

> 
> <!--
> 
> Link to the official acceptance/rejection message
> by the Steering Council/PEP Delegate on the PEP's discussion thread.
> 
> -->
> 
> 
> 
> ## Checklist
> 
> <!--
> 
> This lists the key steps needed to mark a PEP as Accepted/Rejected.

Reviewer 2: The link is in the proposed PEP text, so I don't think it *needs* to be in the PR message.

```suggestion

<!--

This checklist contains the key changes to mark a PEP as Accepted/Rejected.
```

You can help complete it yourself if you like
by ticking any boxes you're sure about, like this: [x]

If you're unsure about anything, just leave it blank and we'll take a look.

-->

* [ ] SC/PEP Delegate has formally accepted/rejected the PEP and posted to the ``Discussions-To`` thread
* [ ] ``Status`` changed to ``Accepted``/``Rejected``
* [ ] ``Resolution`` link points directly to SC/PEP Delegate official acceptance/rejected post
* [ ] Acceptance/rejection notice added, if the SC/PEP delegate had any major conditions or critical commentary (and any changes made accordingly)

> * [ ] ``Discussions-To``, ``Post-History` and ``Python-Version`` complete and up to date

Reviewer: Missing backtick here (although single backticks are more usual for Markdown (unlike reST))

```suggestion
* [ ] ``Discussions-To``, ``Post-History`` and ``Python-Version`` complete and up to date
```

Author: Implemented in Petr's suggestion, thanks!

> * [ ] ``Discussions-To``, ``Post-History` and ``Python-Version`` complete and up to date

Author: Added missing backtick from Hugo's suggestion
